Clarify network security perimeter availability (#128507)
Azure/azure-content: includes/network-security-perimeter-preview-message.md

---

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Network security perimeter is now generally available in all Azure public cloud regions and Azure Fairfax cloud. For information on supported services, see [Onboarded private link resources](/azure/private-link/network-security-perimeter-concepts#onboarded-private-link-resources) for supported PaaS services."

Reviewer: Please use the following:

```suggestion
> Network security perimeter is now generally available in all Azure public cloud regions and in Azure Government regions (US Gov Virginia, US Gov Texas, US Gov Arizona, US DoD East and US DoD Central). . For information on supported services, see [Onboarded private link resources](/azure/private-link/network-security-perimeter-concepts#onboarded-private-link-resources) for supported PaaS services.
```

> > Network security perimeter is now generally available in all Azure public cloud regions and in Azure Government regions (US Gov Virginia, US Gov Texas, US Gov Arizona, US DoD East and US DoD Central). . For information on supported services, see [Onboarded private link resources](/azure/private-link/network-security-perimeter-concepts#onboarded-private-link-resources) for supported PaaS services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Network security perimeter is now generally available in all Azure public cloud regions and in Azure Government regions (US Gov Virginia, US Gov Texas, US Gov Arizona, US DoD East and US DoD Central). For information on supported services, see [Onboarded private link resources](/azure/private-link/network-security-perimeter-concepts#onboarded-private-link-resources) for supported PaaS services.
```
